Update rules_catalog.md (#735)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/detect/rules_catalog.md

- General definition of the rule
- Detection Pattern

> - Security alerts  (event field can be selected to define the similarity strategy in the box `RULE.form.alert-properties.similarity-strategy`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Security alerts (event fields can be selected to define the similarity strategy in the section `Similarity strategy`). 
```
